[template] Ignore /ios and /android folders (#38821)
expo/expo: docs/pages/develop/development-builds/expo-go-to-dev-build.mdx

Once you've built your native app, you won't need to build it again unless you add or update a library with native code, or change any native code or configuration, such as the app name.

> > The **android** and **ios** directories are automatically added to **.gitignore** when you create a new project, so they won't be checked into Git. This ensures you can always regenerate the code locally or on CI with [CNG](/workflow/continuous-native-generation/) when needed and never have to edit native code manually.

Reviewer: we should backport this change to the template sdk-53 if we want to release these docs right away. we don't need to backport cli changes, since this will only be the latest version for a short period of time anyhow

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need to backport this, since it's a bit confusing if we switch from one to the other in a prior SDK release. We could, but we could also write something slightly different here.

On a side-note, the text above this paragraph has a broken anchor (`#cng-and-prebuild`)

Anyway, what we could do is:

```suggestion
> With Expo, the **android** and **ios** directories are can be generated automatically using Prebuild. This happens automatically as long as these directories are in your **.gitignore**. They already are if you're using SDK 54+ when you create a new project. Not checking these directories into Git ensures they're always generated from scratch automatically on CI with [CNG](/workflow/continuous-native-generation/#usage) as needed and are never edited manually.
```
